TINY-8775: Reduce spaces in urlinput when they should not be there (#8053)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Selecting a figure with `class="image"` would incorrectly highlight the link toolbar button #TINY-8832
- Specifying a single, non-default list style for the `advlist_bullet_styles` and `advlist_number_styles` options was not respected. #TINY-8721
- Fixed various issues that occurred when formatting `contenteditable` elements. #TINY-8905

> - Link url field would sometimes allow users to add spaces when a title was set #TINY-8775

Reviewer: I don't think we typically use the word 'users'. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
- Spaces could be incorrectly added to the Link plugin url field in certain cases #TINY-8775
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Urlinput dialog components would sometimes incorrectly allow spaces to be added before or after the URL #TINY-8775
```
I think this would be better, as this is about the whole `urlinput` component not just the link plugin specifically.

Reviewer 2: Or alternatively trying to use Luke's wording:
```suggestion
- Spaces could be incorrectly added to urlinput dialog components in certain cases #TINY-8775
```
